Add ellswift to CHANGELOG (#1354)
bitcoin-core/secp256k1: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

#### Added

>  - New module `ellswift` implements ElligatorSwift encoding for public keys and x-only Diffie-Hellman for them.
>    It permits representing secp256k1 public keys as 64-byte arrays which cannot be distinguished from uniformly random. See:

Reviewer: just editorial nits

```suggestion
 - New module `ellswift` implements ElligatorSwift encoding for public keys and x-only Diffie-Hellman key exchange for them.
   ElligatorSwift permits representing secp256k1 public keys as 64-byte arrays which cannot be distinguished from uniformly random. See:
```
